docs: update usage/install (#847)
kubean-io/kubean: docs/en/usage/install.md

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/1.minimal/
```

---

## Accelerator mode deployment

> Refer to [`mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) sample template

#### 1. Update placeholders for yaml manifests in [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/) directory to real values

* `<IP1>` / `<IP2>` ...
* `<USERNAME>`
* `<PASSWORD>`
* `<TAG>`

#### 2. Apply the yaml manifest in [`2.mirror`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/)

``` bash
$ kubectl apply -f examples/install/2.mirror/
```

#### 3. Please refer to [`VarsConfCM`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/2.mirror/VarsConfCM.yml) for accelerator mirror settings

Accelerators used in this example:
* Binary acceleration: [public binary files mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-binary-files-mirror)
* Mirror acceleration: [public image mirror](https://github.com/DaoCloud/public-image-mirror)

---

## Offline installation

> Refer to [`airgap`](https://github.com/kubean-io/kubean/blob/main/examples/install/3.airgap/) sample template

> For details, please visit [Use of Offline Scenarios](./airgap.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, please refer to [Use of Offline Scenarios](./airgap.md)
```
上下文一致

---

## SSH key mode installation

> For details, please visit [Use SSH key to deploy K8S cluster](./sshkey_deploy_cluster.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, please refer to [Use SSH key to deploy K8S cluster](./sshkey_deploy_cluster.md)
```
